Apps: opa gatekeeper psp (#1444)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: migration/v0.30/README.md

- [ ] Silence the notifications for the alerts. e.g you can use [alertmanager silences](https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/alertmanager/#silences);

> ### Important - PodSecurityContext
> 
> Apps v0.30 uninstalls the kubernetes PodSecurityContexts for services running in the clusters.
> This release of apps includes PodSecurityAdmission labels and OPA gatekeepers PodSecurityContext and removes the installed PodSecurityContexts for services.
> 
> This means there are some pre-prerequisites that needs to be done before doing the final upgrade apply.
> 
> After doing the `non-disruptive` for either the automatic method or manual you should follow these steps before running the `disruptive` step.
> 
> 1. Add the PSA labels for each namespace
> 
>     ```bash
>     ./migration/v0.30/apply/10-bootstrap.sh
>     ```
> 
> 1. Install gatekeeper components
> 
>     ```bash
>     ./migration/v0.30/apply/12-gatekeeper-psp.sh
>     ```
> 
> 1. Disable PodSecurityContext for the clusters
> 
>     For compliantkubernetes-kubespray you can follow these [steps](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-kubespray/blob/main/migration/v2.20.0-ck8sx-v2.21.0-ck8s1/upgrade-cluster.md) to disable PodSecurityContext.
> 
> 1. Continue with the `disruptive` step of the upgrade.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Important - PodSecurityPolicies

Apps v0.30 uninstalls the kubernetes PodSecurityPolicies for services running in the clusters.
This release of apps includes PodSecurityAdmission labels and OPA Gatekeepers PodSecurityPolicies and removes the installed PodSecurityPolicies for services.

This means there are some pre-prerequisites that needs to be done before doing the final upgrade apply.

After doing the `non-disruptive` for either the automatic method or manual you should follow these steps before running the `disruptive` step.

1. Add the PSA labels for each namespace

    ```bash
    ./migration/v0.30/apply/10-bootstrap.sh
    ```

1. Install Gatekeeper components

    ```bash
    ./migration/v0.30/apply/12-gatekeeper-psp.sh
    ```

1. Disable PodSecurityPolicies for the clusters

    For compliantkubernetes-kubespray you can follow these [steps](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-kubespray/blob/main/migration/v2.20.0-ck8sx-v2.21.0-ck8s1/upgrade-cluster.md) to disable PodSecurityPolicies.

1. Continue with the `disruptive` step of the upgrade.

```
